hi guys today I have a lookbook for you
and this one is based around galaxy
print leggings which are sometimes
pretty hard to style I generally go for
a plain and top half because I just
think the print doesn't really suit
clashing with other prints because it's
quite irregular and I have this black
milk pair that might rather lovely
friends collaborated to buy me for my
last birthday and I love them so so much
they are obviously the blue ones and
they're kind of right at the top then
they've got this darker bit in the
middle and lighter again at the bottom
and I have these in an extra small by
the way in case you're wondering the
outers might look quite similar because
obviously the bottom half is staying the
same and I'm keeping it reasonably plain
on the top path but I hope that you
enjoy them anyway and I'll see you all
again soon
this kind of outfit is a very throw on
outfit if I'm not feeling very inspired
so I've got a band t-shirt on top and a
nice simple back cardigan and the galaxy
leggings do most of the talking here I
[Music]
love the leggings with a really simple
top like this one that's really nicely
cut and this table is from cheap Monday
Andy's got these lovely
[Music]
again a neutral jumper can look really
nice with these and especially if it's a
little bit crop just to show off a
little bit of high-waisted nurse has
exact netlabels color just above kind of
glow waist
[Music]
and if you can't cash the it like
anything I'd go with color and to keep a
kind of sporty vibe with these skin
tight leggings but this peplum top has
kind of the sporty and material to it
[Music]
thank you so much for watching guys and
I'll see you all again soon
so a bit of short one bye